# Complaint-Redressal-System
Online Complaint Management is a management technique for assessing, analyzing and responding to user complaints. Complaint management software is used to record, resolve and respond to user complaints, requests as well as facilitate any other feedback.
This “ Complaint Redressal System” is aimed at providing an online platform for registering and resolving complaints. This is a web-based application to manage various complaints regarding issues faced by students in the institute . Whenever a complaint is registered by the end-user to get it solved, it is received by the administrator. Any user can file complaints regarding any issue in the vicinity. The user gets to file the complaint using either his/her details such as name, contact details or the department he works in. As soon as he/she files the complaint, he/she can use the personal details such as phone number for tracking the complaint.
There is a centralized database in which all the information is stored. The administrator has the rights to login to the admin page and oversee every complaint. He can assign experts to go to the site and resolve the issue.
Further, the admin has the rights to update the database, after the issue has been resolved and with necessary remarks.
This is useful for colleges, marginally large offices, in health care, in faith-based organizations, in schools, in political organizations, in the military, in many specialized occupations or for that matter any group who is interested to organize it effectively.
Facility to track the already filed complaint is provided to the registered user. Whenever the new complaint is arrived it is immediately loaded into the database and reaches to the admin for a quick fix.
